Basilisk Script for Simulation of Gas-in-Liquid Compound Droplet Generation using a Coaxial Nozzle.

Pre-requisite:
[Basilisk C](http://basilisk.fr/src/INSTALL)
Linux OS (I am using MintOS)

Steps for simulation:

Step 1: Make sure Basilisk C is installed by doing "qcc --version" in Linux terminal.
Step 2: Click into the folder where the coax_sim.c script is saved.
Step 3: Right-click and press open in terminal.
Step 4: In terminal, do "make clean coax_sim.tst".
Step 5: Open a new tab by File > New Tab (on Linux Mint)
Step 6: In the new tab, do "ls" and look for the new folder "coax_sim".
Step 7: In terminal, do "cd coax_sim" then "tail -f log". This shows the simulation progress.

Guide for Python script:
1. Referring to lines 10-20, the array dir_array is intended to store the folder name containing the simulation output files. The output files are bin files containing volume fraction field and velocity field generated by Basilisk script at every timestep of 0.1. Copy those files at the end of a simulation, then paste it into a seperate folder. Say you ran 10 simulations, this means that you now have 10 folders of bin files. Modify lines 10 to 19 to reflect your folder names,

2. In vol_analytical function, change the num argument in lines 96 and 97 to suit your case. Say you have 100 Basilisk bin files, set num = 100. I will fix this once I fix some teething issues on the Basilisk code.

Guide for Basilisk simulation:
1. Check ue and fe error thresholds are sufficiently small.
2. Check if initial grid is sufficiently small.
3. Check if formulas for Re,Fr,We definitions. My definitions for Re,Fr,We is based on my current work. THIS MIGHT BE DIFFERENT FOR YOU.

I'm lacking time to make this more legible for other users, but will do so in the summer when all my assignments and exams are done :) 


IP Supervisor:  Dr. Ivo Peters
Student:        Kai Wen Lee

